AWS currently offers three calculators for use
by Cloud technologists to configure cost estimates.
The simple monthly calculator,
which allows you to explore AWS services,
model solutions, and create estimates for the cost of your use cases on AWS.
The TCO calculator or total cost of ownership calculator,
which is used to compare the cost of running your applications in an on-premises or
co-location environment to AWS and the AWS pricing calculator,
which is new calculator currently in beta that
will eventually replace a simple monthly calculator.
Use the AWS free tier wisely.
Although we are using the generous AWS free tier to complete this nano degree,
it is still possible to incur service charges and fees.
Only some of the AWS services are available for free.
Make sure you are knowledgeable about what is included in your 12 month trial.
You can learn more in the free tier FAQs.
It is also important to terminate or delete services when you no longer need them.
Because we're mostly working in the AWS console,
it is very easy to close your browser tab out of
habit and forget to stop you're running Cloud services.
Costs can add up quickly in the Cloud.
I'll let you know when we're using items that may be out of the free tier
and I'll also remind you to wind down the services when we're done with an exercise.
But it's your responsibility to use AWS services wisely.
Secure your AWS account with two-factor authentication.
Remember when you registered for your AWS account,
you provided a form of payment.
It is your responsibility to take the appropriate steps to
secure your account and prevent unauthorized use.
In fact, if you haven't already configured
your AWS account for two-factor authentication,
please take the time to do it now.